Option to disable RHR (#87)
mapbox/geojsonhint: README.md

Without this option, this input will pass without errors.

`ignoreRightHandRule`.

GeoJSON specification defined that linear rings must follow right-hand rule, but also says that for backward compatibility reasons parsers should not rejects polygons wiht incorrect winding order. For that kind of situations geojsonhint has an option `ignoreRightHandRule` which is `false` by default. Setting this option to `true` will cause geojsonhint to skip right-hand rule validation.

```js
geojsonhint.hint(geojsonWithIncorrectWindingOrder, {
  ignoreRightHandRule: true
});
````

> with this options enabled, geojsonhint will not produce errors of incorrect winding order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with this option enabled, geojsonhint will not validate winding order.
```
